Hi and welcome to the section which is going to be a quick refresher on Python 3.
First thing we'll look at will be the Python type hierarchy, and we'll limit our focus to the data types
that we're going to work with in the schools.
Next we'll look at multi-line statements and strings.
Now we are interested in multi-line statements because we sometimes want to write our code over multiple
lines for readability reasons. We don't want to have to scroll back and forth necessarily as we're looking
at a line of code, well, just to break things up neatly.
And then while we're at it we'll also look at multiline strings.
Then we'll look at naming conventions.
How do we name our variables, how do we name our methods.
How do we name classes, and we'll look at some of the rules and some of the suggestions for these naming
conventions.
And it really becomes important to understand these naming conventions when we start getting into object
oriented programming.
But we'll cover that in a later section in this course. Next we'll look at conditionals.
So like if statements for example are conditionals. Then we'll look at functions.
Now this is not going to be a deep dive into functions, which is going to look at the basics of how to
call a function, how to define our own functions, and parameters.
But very simple stuff.
Just the basics.
Then we'll take a look at loops, and in particular we'll cover the while loop and the for loop, and then
we'll also look at the break and continue statements, and we'll also look at how they behave when you
have them and try statements inside a loop.
What happens with the break and the continue.
And then we'll also look at the else cause that can be added to for loops and while loops.
All right so thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.